Minor edits to Migrate section (#2199)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/migrate-data/same-db.md

---
title: Migrate data to Timescale from the same PostgreSQL instance
excerpt: Migrate data into a Timescale hypertable from a regular PostgreSQL table
products: [self_hosted]
keywords: [data migration, PostgreSQL]
tags: [import]
---

# Migrate data to Timescale from the same PostgreSQL instance

You can migrate data into a Timescale hypertable from a regular PostgreSQL

> table. This method assumes that you have Timescale set up in the same database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
table. To use this method ensure that you have Timescale set up in the same database
```
